Update plain_rules.md (#379)
telefonicaid/perseo-fe: documentation/plain_rules.md

                    "name":"abnormal",
                    "type":"Number",
                    "value": 7
                },
                {
                   "name": "locationCopy",
                   "type": "MyCustomTypo",
                   "value": "{\"type\":\"Point\",\"coordinates\":[${Lat},${Lon}]}"
              }
            ]
        }
    }
```

When using NGSIv2 in the update actions, the value field perform [string substitution](#string-substitution-syntax). If

> `value` is a String, Perseo will try parse the value to know real value and finally Perseo will parse the value taking into account the `type` field, this only applies to _`Number`_,

Reviewer: This is going to change when we apply PR https://github.com/telefonicaid/perseo-fe/pull/376, so let's hold on and consider the following suggestion when that other gets merged:

```suggestion
`value` is a String, Perseo will try cast value to number, boolean or null (without paying attention to the attribute type). If the casting fails then String is used.
```
